feat(serverless-containers): audit trail support (#6820)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/faq.mdx

This feature is under development.

### Is Serverless Containers integrated with Audit Trail?

> Yes, Serverless Containers is auditable. For more information, read about [Supported endpoints in Audit Trail](/audit-trail/reference-content/adt-supported-endpoints/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, Serverless Containers is auditable. For more information, see the documentation about [Supported endpoints in Audit Trail](/audit-trail/reference-content/adt-supported-endpoints/).
```
